Oh, I thought I knew scared But I'm so filled with fear
All right, let's open it with a word of prayer.
My father asked for your spirit, Lord.
May your spirit fill me so I can share your word.
May your spirit open the eyes and hearts of those who are listening, Lord, may they hear you and not me.
In your name we pray, amen.
All right, you guys know me in the first couple of minutes, a little shaky.
You know, attorneys, we talk too much, too fast, you can't understand us.
So I'm gonna try to do the opposite today.
A message is titled, The Hound of Heaven.
And the main body of the text is a very well-known text, a parable of the lost sheep.
But before we get there, I'm gonna share a little story with you.
You know, we're in very lost world.
We see crazy stuff like Dr. Rudy was saying earlier today on television, the news.
We think, how can he get worse?
And he gets worse.
I think even those who don't believe in God can see that there's a fight between good and evil.
And those of us who are believers, we know what that fight's all about.
You know, it's wild card weekend.
while it caught a week and a lot of good NFL playoff games.
A couple yesterday, one of them, Green Bay and Chicago Bears.
The oldest rivalry in NFL.
They played the most games.
They've been around for a long time.
It's the oldest rivalry.
Well, the oldest rivalry is between good and bad, in God and devil.
And when you note or not, they're both fighting for us, fighting for our souls.
You know, as little kid, I remember getting lost at a grocery store.
You panic.
I mean, as little kid, you're like, where's mom?
It's a scary thing.
How many have been lost as a grown up, as an adult?
And I don't mean at the mall like me.
I mean, lost.
I've been lost driving.
I've been lost.
And the way to Tahoe, you're nothing scarier than snow coming down.
You can't see much.
And you're lost.
But even then, I was in a car.
I had a worse experience than that.
I used to snowboard a lot.
I hope I still do.
I'm supposed to take my little boy this year, but I was pretty avid snowboarder and, you know, you're younger and thinking you can do certain things.
So remember, you know, it's always the last run, right?
It's the last run of the day.
I think, hey, I better get a good run in.
I see a shortcut to what it looked to be a really good run.
And as an avid snowboarder, I'd go off trail.
I'd go out of bounds.
bucket list being dropped off a mountain and a helicopter.
Back then I was younger and probably could.
So I take this dive down and within seconds.
I'm like, wow.
Maybe I shouldn't have a look back and there's no way I can truck back.
And if there's no border, you can't just pull your way back up.
You're stuck.
You got to take the board and basically make stairs and work your way up.
It is a lot of work.
So I thought, well, how back could it be?
I'm just going to keep going down.
Even though I don't know where I'm going, I'm lost.
The problem with that is if it's the last run of the day, they start getting a little scary, a little dark.
So like a horror movie, I find myself on flat ground, nothing around me, not a house to be seen.
And again, as a snowboarder, you can't just, you know, push along with the poles.
You gotta walk it.
So my board comes off, and I'm walking.
And I'm walking.
And I'm praying that there's a house somewhere I can knock on.
Because when you're lost, you search for anything, don't you?
If you're lost, I'm going to go to the first house.
I don't care if it says no trespassing.
I don't care if they got a shotgun.
I want to help because you're lost.
It got worse.
It started snowing.
So what I'm thinking back in my hay, somebody's gonna see my footsteps, uh-uh.
It was pretty bad.
Now for the first time in my life, I felt like I was in the beginning of a horror movie, and I really didn't think they were gonna find me.
I didn't even know that ski patrol is looking for me, because he ski patrol has one job, and that is to find you, if you're lost.
Lucky for me, somebody told, my party told them that I hadn't come back yet.
So ski patrol,
They go out until they find you.
They don't give up.
They go out until you find you.
I didn't know that.
So I'm panicking.
I'm sweating.
And if you're going to the snow with snowboards, ski clothes, it gives you warm.
But if you start sweating, your sweat can get cold too.
So it's something I really think, what am I going to do?
It's snowing.
It's getting dark.
I'm literally thinking, should I just make it like a mini cave?
Like you've seen the survival thing.
She just so can make it there.
It really was a scariest moment in my life.
Just some way to give up, I see something from far away.
Never been glad, never been happier in my life.
Ski patrol.
It wasn't just anybody, it wasn't a strange house.
It was the most appropriate salvation for me at that time, as far as not getting killed or lost.
Ski patrol, not just one, an army of them, like six or seven.
I was crying in happiness.
It was so joyful.
I was so glad they just take me.
Of course, they reminded me that it's very expensive when they send the whole crew out, that I could be fined, that there's serious consequences, but they're very nice about it and just let me go.
I came back and brought a bunch of goodies.
When you're lost,
You look for anything.
Our world is lost.
Let me show you just some of the things that our world is looking for because they're so lost.
We all remember that people's temple.
That's where the phrase came, don't drink the Kool-Aid.
The Manson family, Heaven's Gate.
That was my generation.
Heaven's Gate, they were a bunch of people that thought that Haley's comment was gonna bring them to Heaven and so they all put on some purple tennis shoes and that was the end of them.
Scientology, we all know about Scientology, who would have thought that a book by Ron Hubbard would have created a religion, unification church.
This one called Mother God, she literally claimed that she was Christ.
Who would follow that?
But people do.
People follow her.
They call it like the glitter or God or something because they had put a glitter around her hoping aliens would come down, something crazy, crazy stuff.
And of course, modern day, we see all kinds of different replacements.
When people are searching, we see riots, protests.
We see BLM.
We see in teeth that we see all kinds of crazy things.
Before I came to Christ, I was searching.
I remember joining our men's club.
When those drum beating beat your chest, kind of men's club.
Look back now, it's kind of silly.
But back then, I was searching.
When we were lost, we searched.
Have you been searching?
You know, today should be a reminder if you know Christ, how far he went to find you.
And like the ski patrol, he was not gonna quit.
He's not gonna quit until he finds you.
What have you been searching for?
What are we replacing our search with?
If you don't know Christ, try Christ.
You know, the world offers alcohol, drugs, clubs, entertainment,
Well, kinds of things.
You've tried it all.
Try Christ.
A few facts about sheep before I read the parable of the lost sheep.
Sheep are intelligent, social, known for their strong, flocking instinct.
Wide vision via rectangular pupils.
I didn't know that.
Excellent memory.
They actually recognize faces.
You know that?
They recognize their shepherd.
Isn't that amazing?
As we should recognize our shepherd.
They have unique communication skills through their scent glands.
They have scent glands in their face and feet.
There were a thousand breeds existing worldwide.
Baby sheeps, lambs can walk minutes after birth.
Pretty amazing, huh?
So the parable of the lost sheep, to put things a little bit in context, before Christ shared this parable,
They were basically questioning him.
They were actually judging him, weren't they?
They were judging him for hand.
I was sinners.
Do you remember what they called him?
A friend of sinners.
You know, it's amazing how derogatory terms come about.
You know, when they first called Christians, it was not a good thing.
It was in a derogatory term, those Christians.
Well, Christ is a friend of sinners.
He was a friend of mine before I came to him.
He's a friend of yours.
Are you a friend of sinners?
You know, I was talking to my brother about, I should brother Nick about, you know, friends and family we pray for, for their salvation.
I don't think Lord wants to just isolate ourselves and just be here every Sunday, hear a message,
And then go home.
That'd be similar to going to boot camp for years and years and never go to war.
You see, these Sunday sermons and Wednesdays are like boot camp.
It's getting us ready so that we can be friends with sinners so we can witness to them so we can help them come to Christ, right?
Our Lord has been called a hound of heaven.
He hounded me for a very long time, long before I recognized it.
And Matthew 11, 19, they said, the Son of Man came eating and drinking, and they say, here is a glutton and a drunker, a friend of tax collectors and sinners, but a wisdom is proved right by our deeds.
So Jesus knew that they were looking at him, judging him for hanging out with sinners.
Share this parable with him.
And by the way, side note, if Christ were to come down right now, yes, He's with us now.
We know He's here right now.
But if He would come again in the flesh, where do you think He would go?
The churches?
Where do you think He might go to the tenderloin?
Or where they're sinned?
I think in today He would come and hang out with sinners.
So let's read this parable.
Luke 15, one through six reads, now the task collectors and sinners were all gathering around to hear Jesus, but the Pharisees and the teachers of the law muttered, this man welcomed sinners and eats with them, then Jesus told them this parable.
Suppose one of you has a hundred sheep and loses one of them
Doesn't he leave the 99 in the open country and go after the lost sheep until he finds it?
And when he finds it, he joyfully puts it on his shoulders and goes home.
Then he calls his friends and neighbors together and says, rejoice with me, I have found my lost sheep.
So I point out a couple of things about that parable.
First, light this key patrol.
He looks for you.
He searches you until when?
Until he finds you.
See, this key patrol is not going to turn around after 30, 40 minutes.
They say, well, we tried.
Couldn't find Dave.
They were committed to be out as long as they had to be to find me dead or alive.
They were going to find me.
Christ is more.
And let's keep it true.
Christ will find you.
Christ found me.
He does not give up.
He is the hound of heaven.
And you know how you know this?
Well, the Bible tells us so.
But also the Lord gives us a lot of miracles right here to remind us of this.
I know we all have friends and relatives.
Some of us have relatives in there.
Right pages.
No monster in the 80s.
I know Rick's dad before he took the Lord.
It was in the 90s, 93.
I know others here have family and also a very old age.
And I know that you're all praying for them to come to Christ.
What hope though?
Nobody gave up.
I know Rick didn't give up praying for his dad.
Decades sometimes or more.
Just don't give up.
I taught just my brother Nick about witnessing too.
You know, never give up witnessing.
You have to witness.
You look back with all those folks that witnessed to you before you came to Christ.
Do you remember those folks that might have brought up Christ a while back?
I do.
I'm making fun of them.
I'm on my twenties.
People that came to me and tried to share the word.
I wasn't ready, but I had a seat planted.
I still think about those folks today.
I know who they are.
I can't wait to meet them in heaven.
Run to them and tell them, hey, remember how you tell me I was making fun of you?
You were right.
And Toni finds it.
Every salvation is a miracle and angels celebrate in heaven for you.
until he finds it.
Another part of this parable that I really enjoy is where he says he carries the sheep back.
He didn't just leave the sheep back.
He didn't pull him back.
He carried him on his shoulders.
You see, sometimes we have to be carried.
Sometimes you're friends and relatives.
They're dragged here, but they have to be just helped a lot.
I know I had to be carried to God.
I was not coming to my own.
But He will move the world to find you.
The prodigal son, I spoke about that before.
I love that story.
And the prodigal son says they came to his right mind.
But I assure you that he did not do that alone.
While the prodigal son was out, God was working on him.
He didn't just do it alone.
The Holy Spirit helped him.
See, when we came to Christ, when you came to Christ, when I came to Christ, it wasn't my doing.
I had nothing to do with it.
My eyes were open.
I allowed it to happen.
It's all him.
Even the choice was aided by the Holy Spirit.
Does he have to carry you today?
Even as precious sometimes we have to be carried, don't we?
He's also the good shepherd, it says.
John 10, 11 says, I am the good shepherd.
The good shepherd lays down his life for the sheep.
Not as a hired hand, but as the owner of the sheep.
You know, when you're the owner, there's a big difference, right?
Well, if an I rented house for many houses, we moved many times for 20 some years, the majority of our marriage.
There wasn't until recently we bought a house and, you know, what a difference.
You know, when you're not the owner,
You don't care as much.
You know, if something goes wrong with the house, you're like, hey, owner, come fix it.
I'm the guy, move a finger.
It's not yours.
It's a homeowner.
You're doing yourself many times.
Not just because you're cheap, but because you do a better job.
When I move the first move into my house, I remember that heat and air conditioner was horrible.
It wasn't working.
It was ratchet in the house.
It was all torn up.
My father lost an H-bad guy.
He helped me out.
And he pointed out to me, he says, look, if you hire somebody, they're going to do this, this and that.
He knows you can do that for 30 years.
But when it's your own, you go the extra mile.
If you want to see it underneath my house and your crawl space, that HVAC system is impeccable.
And if I've needed a job, I know how to do HVAC.
You take pride in it, it's your own.
Well, if that sheep was lost,
And instead of the good shepherd, if it's just some hired hand, do you think that hired hand would have laid down his life for the sheep?
Of course not.
God is not a hired hand.
He's our owner.
He is the good shepherd.
Like the sheep, do you recognize his face?
You should.
He's gone through great lengths to talk to you.
He's gone through great.
He'll go around the world to find you.
There's no escaping God.
Psalm 139, seven through 10, reads, where can I go from your spirit?
Where can I flee from your presence?
If I go up to the heavens, you are there.
If I make my bed in the depths, you are there.
If I rise in the wings of the dawn,
If I settle on the far side of the sea, even there your hand will guide me.
Your right hand will hold me fast.
So you can't escape God.
If you accept them, he's there for comfort and guidance, not condemnation.
Here's a hard one to understand.
You didn't even choose Him.
He chose you.
Isn't it amazing?
He chose us.
John 15, 16 says, you did not choose me.
See, it's not my words, it's the Bible.
You did not choose me, but I chose you.
And I pointed you so that you might go and bear fruit.
Fruit that will last.
And so that whatever you ask in my name, the Father will kill you.
He chose you.
If you're saved and you know Christ, He's not looking for you to sit around and do status quo.
He's looking for you to work for Him to change lives, to change your life, to spread the word.
Again, if your only relationship with Christ and God is just coming on Sundays, there's a lot more to it than that.
From birth until death, he chases you.
We all know the story that beef on the cross.
I love this story.
It's never too late.
So how has God been chasing you?
Have you ever pursued something?
You know, when you really want something, you pursue it, all right?
And you pursue it
relative to how much you want.
You know, we all lose things.
I'll get another one.
But if it's precious to you, you look for it.
You know, there's a lot of married couples here, and there's some newlyweds here, and I can probably ask you about your courtship.
When you want somebody, you quarter them.
You know, man, always be courting.
Even if it's 20 years, always be courting.
But remember how long and how much effort we put into the courtship?
In my case, my wife pursued me for months.
Yeah, I know.
My kids laugh at that too.
They know better.
But I remember the effort that I made to pursue my wife.
You go through great lengths for what you want.
God loves you more than you can imagine.
You take that pursuit, you might have your spouse, you magnify it infinitely, and that's how much love God has for you.
So what will He do for you?
We'll pursue you to the ends of the world.
I asked you earlier, have you ever been lost?
Well, I asked you now, have you ever lost something very precious to you?
What would you do with that?
You know, many of us have kids here or nieces, nephews.
God forbid a kid gets lost.
What would you do?
I know that I would not stop looking for my kid if he got lost.
I would search to the ends of the world.
I would never give up.
He's never going to give up on you.
I know a lot of games today were short in time.
I don't want to drag this on, but I want to share another story with you.
This story, how the helmet haven't pursued me.
You see, when I first came to this church,
And it's funny because it's not another brother about how, you know, you invite people and some stay, some go.
Some are like, whoa, what is this?
When I first came here, I was like, whoa, what is this?
Let's get out of here.
My wife was blessed enough to find this church first.
You're assigned to silver.
Our daughter, Cherise, going to school, you know, the story.
She had the courage, discernment in the Holy Spirit.
to know when and how to witness.
And what would be unheard of nowadays, a public school teacher witnessed to my wife, and she came to church.
You gotta see, before this, we were very lost.
We were both in the world, and you know what the world has to offer?
What seems to be a lot of entertainment, certainly a lot of partying,
And when I heard that my girlfriend who was dating at the time wanted to stop dating and come to church, unheard of.
What are you talking about?
So I came to check it out.
A couple of remembers.
To me, it was unheard of to come to church Mondays, Wednesdays, Thursdays lunch, Friday night group, and then Sunday.
What in the world?
Now, of course, as a young man, I had no problem going to the gym every day.
I don't work out every day.
I had no problem going to work every day.
I had no problem playing sports every day, but going to church every day.
That was something else.
You see, in the world, we have no problem trying to feed our minds.
People go to school forever, some of them.
We have no problem feeding our bodies, some more than others.
We have no problem taking care of our bodies, going to the gym, looking good.
But food for the soul, you don't get, except right here.
This is the only way you can work out your spirit, your soul.
But again, when I first came to church, I'm like, let's get out of here.
So I ran away.
At that time, I had a desire to look for my earthly father because, you know, like many people in this country come from a divorced family.
So I was raped by a single mom.
But, you know, when you don't know your father, you're searching.
And I always thought, wow, it'd be nice to get to know him.
Get his side of the story.
So when I couldn't pull my wife out of this cult that I thought at the time, I'm like, I'm out of here.
I had a friend that was going to Mexico, Nicaragua, and El Salvador.
He did that every year as part of his radio campaign, and he says, hey, because if you don't look for your dad to come with me, I'm going to Nicaragua.
Sure.
Back then, as a side note, I had a very good mortgage business, so I donated money to different things, certainly not from my heart.
It was just to get the tax right off.
One of the places I donated was one of my co-workers, dads,
Christian school that he told us about, I wasn't paying attention.
But this little Christian place was in Nicaragua.
So in the back of my mind, I'm like, why am I going to see my dad?
But I might as well go check out this place, see if my money ever did anything.
So I went to the school, not a school like here.
The school was school for the homeless kids.
And you've all been to Mexico or Tijuana, and you see, you look at cell checklets, just cell things, these kids have no home.
Their school was basically at a dumpster because in Nicaragua, a lot of squatters don't squat homes, but they squat land, and the government allows them to squat in this big dumpster.
So these kids had a habit of going to dumpster for a lot of things, and they'd resell some of it.
They would paint things and try to sell it.
I didn't know that.
All I knew is there's a lot of school that was gonna stop buying.
When I first went to the school, I walk in, even though they have nothing, they have nothing.
I walk into this classroom, I see like these banners, I'm like, what in the world?
Who are they having over here?
It's like this president's becoming, they have this welcome thing everywhere with my name on it.
They have drawings that were, these kids have been,
drawing for me.
Did he know who I was?
You know, over the years, I saved a few of them just to remind myself of my salvation because, see, if the video couldn't put a couple of these up there, it seemed a little bit easier.
This one says 2005.
So in 2005, this year, my salvation, these are little postcards and they look nice here, but each one of these, if you look at the back of them, it's cardboard from the junkyard.
And then they would take
and drawn.
Each of these kids did that for me.
Because you see, they knew it was coming and God knew it was not saved.
God changed me to another country to remind me that even though I was running away from him, he was right there.
I cried.
I knew how to come to the Lord.
When I came back, Sylvia was like, hey, you want to come talk to me?
I'm like, yeah.
And I gave myself to Christ.
I was priming ready.
I always have the Lord found me in Nicaragua, and I declared it here in front of Sylvia.
You see, my biggest obstacle is that I thought I was saved.
I didn't think I was lost.
After all, I was raised a Catholic, which might have been my biggest obstacle, because
You give me somebody who's non-believer, and like Charlie Kirk, I'll talk them until they believe.
Because when you have a clean slate, you don't believe in anything, it's easy to show you where God is.
But when you think you know God, because you're in a different religion, it's hard to open your eyes.
I want to remind you, Christ never said, be a Catholic, a Buddhist or this or that.
No, religion is not what it's about.
It's about your relationship with Christ.
And see, it wasn't until I actually read the book, because even as a Catholic, you recognize the book.
And you read the book and you see where it says that you must be saved.
How could you not want to?
Yes, as a kid, I had some water sprinkled on me.
Yes, as a young adult teenager, I did some confirmation thing.
I had no idea what I did.
But I never truly said Christ, I want you to be the Lord and Savior of my life until that day.
I know my time's up.
Somebody wrap it up.
But before I do, let me ask you, do you know Christ?
If you know Christ,
should today be a reminder of what a great length he went through to find you.
All the seeds that were planted, all the folks that worked for you, all the prayers that came.
He wants you to come as you are.
Whether you're a Catholic, a Protestant, a Baptist, a Buddhist, or an atheist, he wants you to come as you are.
If you're saved, be thankful.
And go to work.
Get to work.
Spread the word that you want you to.
It's not status quo.
It's not about sitting around here on Sundays.
Share your story.
I love to tell my story.
Like this song says, I love to tell the story.
And if you don't get no Christ, perhaps today you need to be carried.
You want to be found?
He's not stopping until he finds you.
This wasn't prayer.
Heavenly Father, I'm so thankful that you found me.
I'm thankful you're here, Lord.
But most of all, Lord, I'm thankful for those that you're still searching for.
For those you have not yet found and pray for them, Lord.
For our friends and our family, they may someday have their eyes open as well.
Amen.